Previously on 90210:
Cousin Emily gets in today.
(squealing laughter)
We are going to have the best
time together, aren't we?
I've loved you for a long time.
ANNIE:
I just slept with my
boyfriend's brother.
I'm going to break up
with Charlie.
Don't.
What's going on?
I finally have my brother back.
If we got together,
it would ruin that.
My friendship with you
was like the only thing
that made me happy.
I feel it, too.
ADRIANNA:
Victor betrayed me.
It's all over the Internet
that I stole Javier's notebook.
My life is over.
(sighs, taps computer keys)
(door opens, footsteps)
The paparazzi are back.
I shooed them
off the front lawn,
but now they're just standing
in the driveway.
I can't believe
this is happening, Mom.
I don't know
what to do.
I'm a national joke.
I can't even leave my house.
I think you should
sell your story.
What?
The record label is trying to
get back your entire advance.
Plus, you still
owe a fortune
on that absurd
house you rented.
You might as well make
some money while you can.
I don't know.
Well, it worked
for Lindsay Lohan.
Once she got out of
jail, she got, like,
$500,000 for her
first interview.
My publicist isn't even
returning my calls.
It's okay.
A reporter from one of the
tabloids called this morning.
He wants to do
an exclusive interview.
Here's his
phone number.
Just think about it.
Hey.
Couldn't wait to come
over here and do that.
(sighs)
God, you're so beautiful.
(scoffs)
No, stop.
What?
I can't do this anymore.
Silver...
Look, this last
week with you
has been amazing.
Honestly, you're all
I think about anymore.
But the moment you
walk out that door,
I am sick to my stomach
with guilt.
I'm not eating,
I'm not sleeping.
I can't live like this,
Navid. This isn't me,
and I'm not going to do
this to Adrianna.
It's okay.
I told you, I'm going to
break up with Adrianna today.
She can handle it now.
The worst is over.
Then what?
What do you mean?
We just start dating?
She'd never forgive
either of us.
I mean, it'd kill her.
Okay, so, so we wait.
We-we keep it to ourselves
for a while.
For how long?
A week, a month?
She's never going
to be okay with this.
At least we can stop now
before we slept together.
Silver, come on...
No, look, I've given
this a lot of thought.
I can't keep running around
behind her back with you.
It's too much for me.
Hey, Charlie, I'm taking off.
I'll see you tonight.
Later.
(knocking)
Hey.
Hi.
Charlie's in his room.
Okay. Thanks.
Well... bye.
Bye.
Charlie.
Hey.
So I was thinking maybe today
we could finally do that hike
in Griffith Park.
Um, we-we need to talk.
We do, huh?
Um, I like you
a lot, Charlie.
I like you, too.
But we have to stop
seeing each other.
I'm sorry.
I thought things
were good with us.
Well, up until
last week.
It seemed like suddenly
something changed.
Did I do something?
No, no, nothing.
I'm-- I'm, I'm just
really busy with school
and my family and stuff,
and I just don't think
I have time for a relationship
right now.
Is there someone else?
No, nothing like that at all.
It's just me.
Well, this sucks.
Yeah, I know.
I'm really sorry.
Me, too.
Well, I... I guess
I should go.
$10,000?
MAN (on phone):
That's it.
But I'm giving you
an exclusive.
There's just not a lot
of new information there.
NAOMI:
So what is this flash
of genius you had?
Since winter break
is almost done,
and our Mr. Cannon nightmare
is finally finished...
Thank God.
I thought we should all
get away for the weekend.
Bacara. I love it.
We can stay at my usual suite--
my treat.
Klaus gives the most amazing
deep tissue massages ever.
No. I was thinking we could go
on a yoga retreat up in Ojai.
Ooh.
It's called the Shining Tree.
It's run by this
super famous guru.
Guru Sona.
It's basically like
a spa in the woods.
Plus, they have this thing
called a sweat lodge.
It's supposed to be this
incredibly intense, cathartic,
spiritual experience.
You had me at spa.
I'm in. I've always wanted
to go to a yoga retreat.
Awesome. I really need
a break from my life.
ADRIANNA:
You won't believe this.
The paparazzi just
followed me here.
One of them snuck
into the Beach Club
dressed up as a waiter
and started snapping pictures.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
Why won't they just
leave me alone?
This whole thing is so unfair.
Sucks.
Yeah.
Hey, I got something
that might take your mind
off your problems.
How would you feel about
getting out of town with us
for a couple days
to an amazing, paparazzi-free
yoga retreat?
Oh, my God, I would love to.
Perfect.
It's settled.
Girls' weekend.
Yeah!
Salud.
Uh, you're not moving
to Ojai, are you?
I've never been
to a yoga retreat.
I didn't know
what to bring.
Oh, I'm pretty sure
you won't need this.
Thank you
for inviting Emily.
You made me.
I know, but I still appreciate
it when you do what I tell you.
Oh. Well, I'm just hoping
that some yoga
and that meditation
will chill her out,
because she's really
been getting on my nerves.
EMILY:
I'm home!
Really.
We're in the kitchen.
Oh, your hair looks nice.
Thanks. I really love it.
I just bought the cutest
new yoga pants.
I'm gonna go try them on.
B-R-B.
Oh...
Oh... Oh, my God!
Don't overreact.
Don't-don't overreact?
She-she borrows my clothes
and my perfume and my jewelry
and my makeup, and last night
I saw her using my deodorant,
but this-- she's
Single White Femaling me.
Annie, you should be flattered.
She looks up to you.
Sh-She just wants
to be like you.
Dixon, will you please
back me up on this.
Uh, look, I-I don't know,
it is a little weird,
but it's just her hair.
Oh, come on, guys.
I have tried to give Emily
the benefit of the doubt, okay?
I have, but this is too much.
Sh-She's weird and
clingy, and I just wish
she would get her own life
and stop trying to steal mine!
Ojai, here we come!
(whooping)
(car horn honking)
Whoo, yeah!
Here we are, ladies.
Who's ready to get
their Om on?
NAOMI:
Um, you know it's not too late
to book a room at Bacara.
Naomi, this is going to be fun.
Embrace the experience.
ANNIE:
I like it.
Reminds me of summer camp.
What do you think, Emily?
It's fine.
Oh, my God!
What?
You okay?
Ashton Kutcher is no longer
following me
on Twitter.
(sighs)
WOMAN:
Welcome to the Shining Tree.
I am Guru Sona.
Namaste.
ALL:
I hope that you will
find your stay here
both physically and spiritually
rewarding.
Like spring buds, you are
here to blossom and bloom.
NAOMI (laughs):
Yep. and are
those the private bungalows
we were promised?
Yes.
One per guest.
They are angled perfectly
to wake you
with the earliest morning sun.
Fantastic.
Now, if Warwick can
collect your cell phones.
(to chant of Om):
Phones.
(to chant of Om)
Phones. Let go
of the connection
that binds you
to your everyday reality.
By which I mean,
let go of your cell phone.
Oh, I can't give you my phone.
WARWICK:
Sure you can.
It's fun off the grid.
GURU SONA:
The use of any electronic device
is strictly prohibited.
This is a place
of reflection
and disconnection
from the outside world.
Now, before you
take your bags
to your bungalows...
(coughs):
Tent.
(giggles)
You can proceed
to the registration cabin
where our staff will help you
plan your time here.
I particularly recommend
tomorrow night's sweat lodge.
Not to be missed.
Welcome...
and enjoy.
Ah...
So exciting!
Knock-knock.
Hi.
You excited
for tomorrow?
Are you kidding?
A night at home,
just the two of us?
No sneaking around, no paranoia?
Sounds wonderful.
I don't know. Without
all that stress and tension,
what if it's just...
not that exciting?
Mm, I think we'll find a way
to generate some excitement.
Hmm.
See you tomorrow night.
NAOMI:
I just don't get it.
It's supposed to put you
into a meditative place.
To get you to a...
state of inner peace.
By walking around
in circles.
It's a labyrinth.
And it's a metaphor
for your journey through life.
Did the guru slip
you something?
'Cause you're
talking nonsense.
Ade, you understand, right?
Did either of you see a
computer in that cabin?
I really need to check
my Web site for a second.
SILVER:
I'm glad
you guys are finding this to be
such an enriching experience.
Oh look! Nuts and
berries for dinner.
Give in to
the experience.
The only thing
I want to give in to
is a vodka martini
and a sexy park ranger.
Hey, are you coming to dinner?
No, I'm not hungry.
(sighs)
Okay.
What's your problem?
Nothing.
It's not nothing.
You've been moping around and
you've barely said two words
since we left Beverly Hills.
If you don't want to be here,
then you didn't have to come.
Oh, no, Emily...
I didn't mean that you
shouldn't... have come.
I just mean that
you don't seem
to be having
a very good time.
I'm just finding it
really hard to fit in.
I'm not as cool as you.
Look, I totally understand
what you're going through.
No, you don't.
I really do.
When I first moved
to Beverly Hills,
I felt like
such an outsider.
You?
Totally.
I thought that everyone here
was going to be shallow
and superficial, and
no one would be as genuine
as my friends in Kansas.
I-I didn't think that
I had the right clothes
or the right shoes...
or the right hair.
Thought everyone hated me.
But then I lived here
for a little while,
and I realized that people here
are just as nice and genuine
as the people back home.
They're just much richer
and better dressed.
Really?
I swear.
Just gotta give it some time.
Okay.
Now. Come on.
I'm starving.
(laughs)
Is this a bug?
Oh, my God, they're
feeding us bugs.
It's a date.
Yeah, well, it tastes like
a bug, and I don't like bugs.
I like...
room service and...
seaweed infusion,
full-body massages...
ANNIE:
Naomi,
it's not that bad.
Here.
Try some grated beetroot.
Ugh.
You have to stay
for the sweat lodge.
It's supposed to be...
really incredible.
I do not sweat.
I perspire lightly.
GURU SONA:
Before we begin our feast,
I would like us all
to close our eyes,
bow our heads,
and offer a chant
of gratitude.
♪ Loka ♪
♪ Samasta ♪
♪ Sukhino ♪
♪ Bhavantu ♪
Why should I be grateful?
I've lost everything I've spent
my entire life working for.
It's so unfair.
You know, Ade, it really
isn't that unfair.
What?
Naomi...
No, she's right.
It's enough already.
What do you mean?
No one forced you to
steal a dead guy's songs
and pass them off
as your own.
What are
you saying?
She's saying that you did a
really awful, unethical thing.
You got caught, and now
you're paying the price.
I'm saying
you had it coming.
I can't believe this.
Is that what you think, too,
Annie? That I've had it coming?
Uh, well...
I mean...
What you did was
sort of twisted.
So all of you guys think
that I'm some horrible person?
I thought I could count on you.
I thought that my friends
would be able to
stand behind me
through the worst time
of my life.
Oh, my God!
I...
All we've done
is support you.
And believe me,
it hasn't been easy.
Okay, well,
I'm sorry
for being such a burden.
SILVER:
What you should be sorry for
is turning into
such a vain, self-absorbed,
bitch that none of us
can even stand
to be around you.
Preach it, sister.
Guys, come on.
You know what? I knew you guys
couldn't handle my fame.
I knew you guys were jealous.
NAOMI: Oh, yeah, really?
Gosh, because all
I ever wanted to do
was someday get
into a car accident
with a big pop star,
so I could steal his music
and be just like you.
I don't need to listen to this.
That's it.
Now, hug your knees
around your ears.
NAOMI:
What is the point of doing this
if there's no guys
around to watch?
INSTRUCTOR:
Focus on your breathing.
This is called karnapidasana.
I can't feel my feet.
EMILY:
Or my hands.
I-I don't think
my body's supposed
to bend like this.
(breathes deeply)
Just breathe.
Now slowly roll down,
one vertebrae at a time.
Make your way into a comfortable
sitting position.
Thank God.
Namaste.
CLASS:
I trust that everyone
is enjoying themselves?
Absolutely.
It's great.
Where is Adrianna?
Oh, probably trying to Tweet
with a rock and a twig.
So are you all ready for the
hike up the Mountain of Fire?
I can't wait.
I miss Klaus.
I will see you there.
I'm going to
get some water.
Right behind you.
Uh, you know,
as delightful as
walking up a mountain
of fire sounds,
I think I'm just going
to take a nap instead.
Can you make sure you wake me
up for the sweat lodge?
Absolutely.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Seriously, dude,
you should go pro.
You're ridiculous.
I'm just getting lucky, man.
I'm embarrassing
myself out here.
All right.
Here we go.
What's going on, man?
You look like
your dog died.
Annie broke up
with me yesterday.
Really.
Yeah.
Wow.
I really liked
her, you know?
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
Do you know if she's
seeing someone else?
No.
She said there was
no one else, I just...
I don't know, I got this feeling
that maybe there was.
Anyway, now I got to
figure out what to do
about this semester in Paris.
Paris?
Yeah. I wasn't planning on going
because things were going
so good with Annie,
but now that we're not
together... I thought maybe...
I'll go.
Anyway, I got to
figure it out quick,
because the semester
starts next week.
Next week?
(snorts)
That's not a lot of time.
I know.
Well, do whatever you want
to do, you know, but...
for what it's worth,
I kind of hope you stay.
Kind of enjoying having my
big brother around, you know?
Me, too, man.
Oh, yeah?
You swear.
Dixon, I promise
I'd tell you
if I thought your chest
was getting too big.
Yeah, but look, I just been
working out really hard lately,
and I'm worried that it's
starting to look weird.
I'll tell you
what's weird,
uh, this conversation
is weird.
I don't want to talk about
your man-boobs anymore.
(laughs)
Look, you just got to
start hitting the gym
with me, man.
Yeah, I rea...
I really don't.
Navid... I need your help.
I can't find Adrianna.
She's not answering her phone;
I don't know where she is.
Whoa, slow down. What's, what's
the matter? What's going on?
Adrianna transferred
the rest of her money
into my bank account,
to keep it from being seized
by the record company,
but she forgot to sign one
of the papers, so the bank
is refusing
to complete the transfer.
She's got to sign
these right away.
It's okay, Constance, I know
where she is. She's up in Ojai.
Ojai?!
Oh, God, I can't drive to Ojai;
I have to work.
No problem. Uh...
I'll take it up to her.
You will?
Of course.
Oh, thank you, Navid.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
There goes your future
mother-in-law.
(repressed chuckle)
(laughing)
(slow drumming)
(chanting):
♪ Om, shanti, shanti ♪
♪ Shanti, om... ♪
This is super weird.
What, the music?
It's beautiful!
NAOMI:
Not just the music.
Everything. You're not
just a little creeped out
that we're spending
our vacation
handling dead animal skins?
It's Native American tradition.
But, yeah. It's really starting
to creep me out, too.
You know, back in Kansas,
I used to go hunting
with my family out
in Flint Hills.
We had to gut
our own kills,
so this is really
nothing for me.
Thank you, Warwick.
Thank you, Guru Sona.
Nice work, ladies.
We are about to share
a very profound experience.
Adapted from Native American
rituals, the sweat lodge
is a place of healing
for your mind, your body
and your spirit,
where you can discover
your inner truth.
This is a
sacred place,
where you are free to be you.
(drumming)
(chanting): ♪ Om... ♪
Now, let us enter.
ADRIANNA:
Hey.
Sorry I'm late.
GURU SONA:
I'm glad you came.
Hey, where's Annie?
Oh, she wanted to sleep;
she asked me not to wake her.
Go on, Susan.
Tell us how that made you feel.
Useless.
I couldn't be
a mother, but, um...
I was still his wife,
and I still had value.
You are infinitely
valuable.
This is not your fault.
I know.
(Susan sobs quietly)
Thank you.
Thank you, Susan...
for your openness
and your honesty.
Now, who's next?
Adrianna,
tell us what's
in your heart.
What pain are you carrying
that you wish to release?
Unburden yourself.
Um, I don't know.
I guess I've been going through
a really rough time lately.
And what has been your role?
What do you mean?
Oh, we are creators.
Our lives do not simply
happen to us.
We are in control,
so what has been your role?
I guess I have...
done some unethical things,
some really unethical things.
Why? What did you
hope to gain?
Everything:
fame, money, success.
But why?
To what end?
What void
are you trying to fill?
I guess I just want
to feel important...
to matter.
You don't feel
that you're important?
You don't feel that you matter?
No, no, no, I... I do.
But I've sacrificed so much.
It has to be for something
greater, you know?
I dropped out
of school.
I gave up so much time
with my friends and family
and other things.
What other things?
Well, two years ago,
I got pregnant,
and... I gave the
baby up for adoption.
Um, I gave her up
because I wasn't ready
to be a mother, you know?
And I wanted...
I wanted to do what was best
for her.
But I guess I also wanted
a chance at living my life.
you know, and
pursuing my dreams.
I felt like
I was destined
for greater things: stardom.
All that made
sense back then.
But now...
(sighs)
(voice breaking):
I mean, if I'm not...
I mean, if I'm just gonna
be me...
what did I give my baby up for?
You know, why did I do that?
I gave up my own child
for nothing.
Ade...
I'm... I'm sorry.
Hey...
It's okay.
(sobbing)
(slight chuckle)
(sighs)
Thank you,
Adrianna, for sharing.
You were very brave.
Okay, the roasted potatoes
will be done
in a couple of minutes,
and then we'll
be ready to eat.
Well, it all
looks delicious.
Mmm, this wine
is wonderful.
Oh, yeah, I'm glad
you like it.
It's a 1987 Bordeaux
from the Cotes de Blaye region.
It's a supple,
full-bodied wine
with hints of fresh cherries
delicately laced with oak
to complement
the natural fruitiness.
Wow, you know a lot about wine.
Not really.
I just memorized the label
on the way over to impress you.
(chuckling): Well,
I'm very impressed
by your memorization skills.
Oh, why, thank you.
(chuckles)
DIXON:
Mom?
Oh... Quick!
Pantry.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
What?
Hey.
What's going on here?
Oh, I just felt like cooking.
Trying out some new recipes.
Oh, good, I'm starving.
What? Oh, I thought you and
Navid were hanging out tonight.
Oh, we were, but, uh...
something came up,
and he had to bail.
Oh, man, this
smells amazing!
I guess it's just me and you
for dinner tonight,
so, uh, let's eat.
Oh, yeah, great.
(nervous chuckle)
Let's eat.
(sighs)
What do I want?
Your deepest desire.
Mm, okay.
Well, I really want
to be a filmmaker.
I'm hoping to get into NYU
next year.
That'd be awesome.
Dig deeper, Silver.
I don't want facts,
I want emotions.
You're holding back.
What's in your heart?
Share your feelings.
(sighs)
I don't really know.
Whatever you want.
Whatever is in your heart,
you can have it,
but you have
to be willing
to state it plainly
and clearly.
I promise you that whatever
you most deeply desire,
you can manifest in your life.
It's okay.
Whatever it is, you can say it.
I'm sorry. You know,
I'm, I'm, I'm really not feeling
very good.
I think the heat's just,
it's too much.
I'm gonna go.
♪ ♪
Hey.
You're really here.
Uh... (chuckles) yeah.
You okay?
What are you doing here?
I was hanging out
with Dixon...
Doesn't matter.
GURU SONA:
Thank you for sharing.
(breathes deeply)
GURU SONA:
Naomi.
Oh, I'm happy just listening
to everyone.
This is a safe place.
Oh, I know.
I just don't really feel
like spilling my guts
to a roomful of sweaty
strangers. No offense.
It is often those
most resistant
who have the most to gain
from this experience.
I'm sure.
Mm. We've all had pain,
we've all had heartache,
we have all suffered.
(chuckles) Uh, I think
I got you all beaten
in the suffering department
this year.
What is it?
What happened?
I really don't want
to get into it.
Too painful?
An old Cherokee chief
was teaching his grandson
about life.
"There's a great fight
going on inside all of us,"
he told him.
"And it's a fight
between two wolves.
"One is evil.
He is anger, envy
"guilt, sorrow
and ego.
"And the other is good.
"He is joy, love, hope,
truth and faith."
Grandson asked,
"Which wolf will win?"
And the chief replied,
"The one you feed."
This is a chance, Naomi,
for you to feed
the good wolf.
I was raped.
Um, but I'm okay.
Really, I am.
I've gotten through it.
And that was incredibly hard
for a while,
but I'm here,
and he's in jail.
And I've moved on.
(slight chuckle)
You should be very proud
of yourself.
You've overcome
something
truly horrific.
You're a strong woman, Naomi.
A survivor.
Thank you.
So what does this mean
moving forward?
What do you mean?
How will you grow
from this experience?
Well, I guess if I could,
I'd like to help women and girls
who've been through
the same thing
Good, Naomi.
Good for you.
That's wonderful.
Yeah, I guess,
in general,
I just like to do
something positive
with my life.
Go on.
Well...
I've recently come
into a lot of money,
and I could sit here all day
and tell you how much I enjoy
spending it on myself.
(all chuckle)
But I'd also like
to make a difference
in the world.
I've seen firsthand
where wealth and aimlessness
can lead.
Excellent, Naomi, excellent.
You're on
a very positive,
very spiritual path.
Keep pursuing it.
Thank you, Guru Sona.
Namaste.
Namaste. (chuckles)
Now our journey here
is almost complete.
I would like you all...
I'm sorry. Can I just,
can I say something?
Of course you can, Emily.
I have to say
that this has been
the most incredible
experience
of my entire life.
And I just want you guys to know
that I think you are both
amazing, beautiful people.
I mean, you have
been so kind to me,
and I'm so grateful
that you let me
be a part of this.
You're not at all shallow
and superficial like Annie said.
What?
Oh, no, that's...
that's not what she meant.
She just said that
you're not as genuine
as the people
we know in Kansas.
Oh, this is coming out
all wrong!
Please don't be mad
at Annie.
I promised her that
I would never say anything
when she talks about you guys
behind your backs.
Please don't say
anything.
No one is going to say anything.
This is a safe place.
Yeah, we won't say anything.
Of course not.
Thank you.
GURU SONA:
Okay, let's close our eyes.
Nice, deep breath.
Why don't you cook
like this all the time?
This is fantastic.
Hmm, you're really
savoring every bite.
You mind if I have
that last piece of chicken?
Oh, I don't see why not.
Ooh!
I'm gonna put on some
of those hot pepper flakes.
Stop!
Um...
No, no, no. You...
you sit, I'll get it,
because you are my prince
tonight.
Can't argue with that.
I'm so sorry.
EMILY:
I just feel like the whole world
should know
about Guru Sona.
She should be
on Oprah or something.
Oprah would totally love her.
I've never met anybody so serene
and yet so powerful.
She's like a hot, skinny
female Buddha.
Hey, Emily.
Why didn't you wake me up
for the sweat lodge?
I-I thought you
wanted to sleep.
I never said that.
I'm sorry.
There must have just
been a miscommunication.
Well, I don't see how
that's really possible,
because I was very clear--
I said to wake me up
before the sweat lodge.
I... I thought you didn't
want me to wake you up.
I specifically told
you to wake me!
Hey, Annie, relax.
Geez, she made a mistake.
It's okay, Emily.
(laughing): I kept thinking,
I am going to pass out
and totally face plant
into the hot coals."
Or Guru Sona's lap.
How are you feeling?
Much better.
Thanks. I... guess
I just needed some sleep.
Navid?
What?
Oh, my God, it's you!
What are you
doing here?
Uh, your mom had
some important papers
from the bank for you to sign,
and she said
they just couldn't wait.
She was really freaking out.
So you just drove
all the way up here?
You're incredible.
Best boyfriend
in the world, ladies--
right here.
Here you go, girls.
Yay. Yay. Yay.
Yay. Yay.
ADRIANNA:
Yes. Mm-hmm.
Hmm, I don't know...
Hey...
Naomi, your phone.
I don't need
mine right now.
I've decided to stay.
What?
Stay?
I'm going to spend
the whole week up here.
I really feel like I've
had some realizations,
and I want to keep exploring.
That's amazing.
GURU SONA:
Well, you leave her
in good hands.
SILVER:
Okay.
Have a good time.
And don't eat too many bugs.
Hey...
Thanks for making me
come up here.
I owe you one.
My pleasure.
Let's hit it.
Have a safe trip back.
(sighs)
So what do you think
about my cooking?
I think you should
stick to Ping-Pong.
Oh, man, that's cold.
I'm just kidding. It's good.
Actually, I'm going
to get some more.
(text message alert chimes)
I don't remember the last time
I ate that much food.
You really put it away.
You're the best mom.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Um, I guess I'm gonna go
do some studying.
You need some help
cleaning up?
No. Uh-uh.
Like I said, you are
my prince tonight.
Okay, cool.
(chuckles)
Good night.
Hi.
Hey.
(sighs)
I am so sorry, Ryan.
I'm mortified.
That was not how this evening
was supposed to go.
It definitely wasn't.
Look, I understand if you
don't want to keep seeing me,
but I don't want the kids to
know I'm dating their teacher.
No, I-I understand.
But?
No buts.
I understand and I want
to keep seeing you,
even if we have
to sneak around.
(chuckles)
(text message alert chimes)
So, how do you feel?
I feel amazing.
From this day forward, your life
will never be the same.
(knocking)
Hi.
Hey.
Are you alone?
Yeah. Come on in.
I got your text.
What text?
The text you sent me.
I didn't send you a text.
Uh, yeah, you did.
Here.
"Come see me tomorrow.
We belong together."
I swear
I didn't send this to you.
Well, it came from your phone.
Charlie must have sent it.
Why would Charlie
send me this text
from your phone?
He said something
kind of cryptic
this morning before he left.
He told me
he wanted me to be happy
and not feel like
I owed him anything.
It seemed kind
of weird at the time,
but now that he's gone...
Wait, what do you mean
he's gone?
He left this morning
for a semester
in Paris.
So, what does that mean?
I guess Charlie thinks
we belong together.
And what do you think?
(dialing)
(phone line ringing)
MAN:
Hello.
Hey, it's Adrianna.
I have something for you,
and I think it's worth
a lot more than $10,000.
I'm listening.
(sighs)
I gave a baby up for adoption.
That's good,
but not good enough.
Now, if you were trying to get
your baby back,
that would be a big story.
Well, I am trying.
I want to get my baby back.